docs: mention ESLint's defineConfig() (#11335)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/packages/TypeScript_ESLint.mdx

This config file exports a flat config that enables both the [core ESLint recommended config](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@eslint/js) and [our recommended config](../users/Shared_Configurations.mdx#recommended).

:::note

> ESLint also provides a `defineConfig()` helper similar to `tseslint.config`.

Reviewer: Sorry, I have to be that guy

```suggestion
ESLint also provides a `defineConfig()` helper similar to `tseslint.config()`.
```

Here and throughout

:::note
ESLint also provides a `defineConfig()` helper similar to `tseslint.config`.
However, there is a types incompatibility issue that causes type errors to incorrectly be reported when mixing typescript-eslint's configs and `defineConfig()`.

> For now we recommend using `tseslint.config` for type-safe configs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For now we recommend using `tseslint.config` for use with typescript-eslint configs.
```
